well howdy there internet people Isabeau
again so today is Earth overshoot day
now what that means in English is that
today we have used up all of the
resources that will be regenerated by
the earth by the end of the year we've
still got quite a few months left to put
this in American terms if you make
thirty thousand dollars a year and you
have already spent 30 grand everything
else going on a credit card in the hopes
of something in the future fixing
everything for you anytime we start to
talk about overconsumption or mitigating
climate change anything like that
somebody comes out of the woodwork
screaming about socialism okay so real
quick go ahead and google the definition
and you're going to get some definition
that's similar to a political theory
advocating community control of the
means of production distribution and
exchange that's what you're going to run
into it's going to be something like
that means of production distribution
and exchange that's critical to
socialism socialism is not when the
government does stuff which is the way
gets portrayed on Fox News any time the
government's about to do something Fox
doesn't like that's not what socialism
is it's an actual theory and and you can
look up the definition of it the funny
part about calling plans to mitigate
climate change socialist is that the
only way I know of to guarantee
socialism comes to the United States is
to not do anything about climate change
so you've probably seen the doomsday
scenarios right all the flooding and
everything and you're laughing because
you know California gets hit pretty hard
haha
left cuz liberals where do you think
they're going they're not actually going
to just sit there and drowned where do
you think they're going coming to you
they're coming to all these red states
that's where they're gonna show up thank
you well we don't have the
infrastructure for that you're right you
don't how do you think you're gonna get
it
a lot of central planning involved in
that would be kind of like the
government might control the means of
production distribution in exchange to
allocate those resources to deal with an
emergency like that remember all of
those executive orders you were
terrified of under Obama signed into
effect by Kennedy mostly to deal with
the threat of a Soviet nuclear attack if
you actually read them you'll find the
phrase production and distribution in it
if you don't want socialism in the
United States you'd better become a
conservation is pretty quick because if
we don't do something about consumption
and we don't alter the way in which we
live in this disposable society we're
going to get socialism and we're not
going to get the cool Nordic model no
we're going to get the one with guns and
boots because it's going to be an
emergency and there's going to be panic
so it's your choice you can become green
or you can become red anyway it's just a
thought I'll have a good night